hi and welcome to a new episode of the
opening school last week we finish off
analyzing the dragon but we're not to
leave the it entirely this is so since
we today are to analyze the marathi bind
even though the name has nothing in
common with the dragon the openings are
closed related the game begins with a
usual efore c5 and line to f3 but here
black changes courts from the typical
dragon d 6 x instead paying nine to see
6d four is now played and off the
exchange and the same square black place
g6 now you can surely see the
similarities with the dragon the game
does now continue on with Bishop to e3
and Bishop to d7 in a normal dragon
black would now have to have places
night and x6 which would threaten the
pawn on e4 forcing white obtained a QC
three but since this isn't the case
white is here able to play Seafort
taking over its center this move is not
overpowering it simply allows more
possibilities for white if white would
have continued on with a normal
development nothing would really have
happened unless white would have done a
mistake of course which is fairly simple
to make let us assume that instead of
playing c4 white would have played 90 c
3 the difference here from a normal
dragon is the fact that black hadn't
played d6 meaning that it can advance
with steve ipod without without temple
loss this means that white has to
develop with his Bishop to c3 in order
to avoid deep down in the deep I
advancement well this is done often 96
and Bishop to c4 and now whites avoids
the first threat but there are more to
come black does hair continue with
Castle kingside if white would be
oblivious to the danger and continue on
normally by playing x3 he would enter in
those tracks well this isn't really a
trap because white can come out of it
sunscape but it's terribly uncomfortable
black answers by being Queen to be six
and white retreats with his Bishop to
protect upon be two black takes unequal
with a night and if white would
recapture black would now be able to
capture in d4 and thus recapturing his
last piece and after all the exchanges
he would be a pawn up if white want to
save himself he has replaced his knight
on d5 after the capture key for flag is
now enabled to capture and deeper since
White's latest move threatened the Queen
black can't just leave in sniping efore
so he checks by playing Queen to a fight
now follow c3 and 95 one might think
that black managed to win the pot but
this is not the case since white now can
win the e7 pot offer an exchange on c6
then to take an e7 with a check after a
black face came to HH y takes the bishop
on CA and off the recapture white
castles and the position is full of
possibilities well let us now go back to
our c4 the Jane does from here continue
on with casual development this by black
who is here playing 92 x 6 and white
continue song with Knight to c3
protecting the pawn on e4 white has here
have a very scary position he is
covering the entire center and black is
a little offer in that aspect but of
course this won't be so flawed well
actually it will take some time before
there will be an obvious change in the
center but White's overwhelming force
there won't give him much of an
advantage but with that I'll have to
thank for me and put an end to this
week's episode of the opening scope next
week we'll of course finish the
analyzing and this opening so see you
that